Template: mini-isp/username
Type: string
Default: mini_isp
Description: Username for mini-isp account:
 Please enter the username to use with the mini-isp account to login with ssh or desktop for this user.

Template: mini-isp/password
Type: password
Description: Password for the mini-isp user account:
 Please enter the password to use with the mini-isp account.

Template: mini-isp/url
Type: string
Default: freenet4.surething.biz
Description: URL address for your ISP's apache2 server :
 This is the URL name your customrs will see in there browser when they make transactions and get redirected.

Template: mini-isp/internal_interface
Type: string
Default: eth0
Description: ethernet interface that connects to the network on the customers side:
 ethernet interface that on the customers side can be the same as what your router is hooked to if you only have one interface.

Template: mini-isp/internal_ip_address
Type: string
Default: 192.168.2.251
Description: this is the static ip address setting of the internal ethernet interface:
 this address must be on a different submask address of the external interface if external interface is used.

Template: mini-isp/external_interface
Type: string
Default: eth1
Description: NIC that connects to the network on the same side as router to wan side:
 this can be the same NIC interface as internal NIC if set to single network mode.

Template: mini-isp/external_ip_address
Type: string
Default: 192.168.1.251
Description: this is the static ip address setting of the external ethernet interface:
 this address must be on a different submask address of the internal interface if external interface is used.

Template: mini-isp/router_ip_address
Type: string
Default: 192.168.2.252
Description: this is the static ip address setting of the of your adsl router:
 this is the device that hooks to your ISP normaly an adsl box. it's IP can be changed if needed also.

Template: mini-isp/singlenet
Type: boolean
Default: true
Description: if set only single NIC is used, external ethernet NIC settings will be ignored:
 You will only need or use a single NIC if this box set.

Template: mini-isp/autostart
Type: boolean
Default: true
Description: set auto start at boot:
 check this box if you want to auto start mini-isp at the boot up of your system.

